Fields

	Name: Self-explanatory. Most characters allowed, but to be safe, stick with letters and numbers. 

	Hidden: 0 or 1. Indicates whether the icon for this ability will be displayed in the Ability bar.

	Alwaysusable: 0 or 1. Indicates whether the ability can be used while stunned.

	Icon: String. Full name of the image in IceWizard\art (excluding file extension) that will be used as the 20x20 icon for this ability.

	Cooldown: Integer. Delay in milliseconds before the ability can be used again.

	Mpcost: Self-explanatory. Integer or decimal value allowed. Use a negative value to represent an ability that restores MP.

	Hpcost: Self-explanatory. Integer or decimal value allowed. Use a negative value to represent an ability that heals HP.

	Chargemin: Integer. Minimum charge required to apply a bonus effect.

	Chargecost: Self-explanatory. Integer. Should be 0 for abilities that benefit from charge but do not require it.

	Chargebonus: Integer or decimal. Additive bonus to effects that may benefit from charge. Usually applied to duration.

	Chargemultmod: Decimal. Multiplicative bonus to abilities that may benefit from charge. Usually applied to damage dealt.

	Type: Integer. 
	0: Applied to self.
	1: Applied at self. Always AOE.
	2: Fires projectile.

	Spread: Integer. Should be 0 for type =/= 2. For projectiles, represents the angle in degrees between projectiles fired if multiple projectiles are fired.

	Effectapplied: Self-explanatory. For no effect, use 0. Otherwise, should be the filename (excluding extension) of the relevant effect in data\effects\.

		self: Applied to the owner of the ability
		enemies: Applied to enemies that are hit by the AOE ability
		location: Applied to all mobs that enter the region of the sustained AOE

	vfx: Visual effect associated with the ability. For no VFX, use 0. Otherwise, should be the filename (excluding extension) of the relevant effect in data\visualeffects\.
	Note that VFX for abilities must always be FNF (fire-and-forget). VFX such as auras is tied to effects instead.

	vfxdur: Integer. Duration in milliseconds of the VFX created when the ability is used.

	projectile: Entity (projectile) that is spawned by the ability. For none, use 0. Otherwise, should be the filename (excluding extension) of the relevant entity in data\entities\.

	projectiles: Integer. The number of projectiles that the ability fires.